{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red22\green25\blue31;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;\cssrgb\c11373\c12941\c16078;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\csgray\c100000;
}
{\info
{\author Windows User}}\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh13560\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx1636\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sb120\sa120\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 ABOUT GAIJINNAVI\

\b0 \
\pard\tx1636\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sb120\sa120\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 GAIJINNAVI is Citynow Co., Ltd\'92s services , specializing in supporting job search information and study in Japan for users.\
Gaijinnavi provide a specific and details information about variety jobs that suitable for person who know Japanese. You absolutely can make career and have promotion from the Gaijinnavi\'92s reputation partner.\
Especially, Gaijinnavi build up a strong network of relationships between SENPAI and KOHAI in Japan such as: living, studying and working in Japan. If you desire to study in Japan, we will provide information about the school, courses, Senpai living and working in Japan will comprehensively and enthusiastically support for you.\
You can use our website to chat, discuss as well as read outstanding news, make a friend with other users.\
We want to reduce the gap between Vietnam and Japan about leaning and working, GAIJINNAVI gives you value information about services provided. Your success is also the success of GAIJINNAVI.\
  \
\pard\tx1636\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sb120\sa120\qc\partightenfactor0

\b\fs32 \cf0 VISION
\b0 \
\pard\tx1636\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sb120\sa120\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\tx1636\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sb120\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf0 By ambition, enthusiasm of Gaijinnavi team, we give you reliable choices, provide the best honest high value information, optimally support for career and job in the international environment.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sb120\sa120\qc\partightenfactor0

\b\fs32 \cf0 MISSION
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sb120\sa120\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sb120\sa120\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Gaijinnavi is an effective means of cooperation in relation to training, technology transfer and technical; actively help Vietnam manpower highly qualified themselves out into the ocean.\
Creating the successful future, strong career for the Vietnam\'92s younger generation through dynamic learning and the opportunity to work in Japan throughout the year.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sb120\sa120\qc\partightenfactor0

\b\fs32 \cf0 VALUE
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sb120\sa120\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sb120\sa120\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 GAIJINNAVI is reputation service, you can make good decisions based on your economic conditions, your ambition for future.\
Relieved, satisfaction and trust of customers is the success of GAIJINNAVI.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sb120\sa120\qc\partightenfactor0

\b\fs32 \cf0 GAIJINNAVI\'92S SERVICES\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sb120\sa120\qc\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs22 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 1.	Job information for people know Japanese\

\b0 	-	Opportunities to work in Japan.\cb4 \
\cb3 	-	Variety field work in companies, reputation corporation\cb4 \
\cb3 	-	Supporting to find suitable job with competitive salary.\cb4 \
\cb3 	-	Worked in Japan more conveniently, we ready to help you in the process of completing the procedures.\cb4 \
\

\b \cb3  2.	Consultant to study in Japan\cb4 \

\b0 \cb3 	-	Consulting about choosing the school suitable with your economic conditions and your capabilities.\cb4 \
\cb3 	-	Guide to make your records, visa support.\cb4 \
\cb3 	-	Peace of mind learning, enthusiastic Senpai team will help you in Japan and starting up after finishing course in Japan.\cb4 \
\cb3 \

\b  3.	Marketing for partners\cb4 \

\b0 \

\b \cb3 4.	Workshop to study and seek workforce know Japanese\cb4 \

\b0 \cb3 \
\cb4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sb120\sa120\qc\partightenfactor0

\b\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 WHY CHOOSE US\cb4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sb120\sa120\qc\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 1.	Creating strong career\cb4 \

\b0 	-	\cb3 Selection of suitable jobs, we bring a optimal income and comprehensive development in the reputation Japan Company.\cb4 \
\cb3 	-	Accumulated experience, learning professional working style of Japanese and increasing knowledge about cultures of sunrise country.\cb4 \
\cb3 	-	Develop your capabilities in the international environment, independent and confidence when living in another country.\
\cb4 \

\b \cb3 2. 	Peace of mind learning\cb4 \

\b0 \cb3 	-	Your knowledge is guaranteed with reputation school. Through the system of rating of Gaijinnavi conveniently, you can choose programs to college, masters at leading universities in Japan.\cb4 \
\cb3 \

\b 3.	Trust and enthusiasm SENPAI team\cb4 \

\b0 \cb3 	-	The preparation for your life in Japan would be simpler, you will feel the warmth by the comprehensive help and friendliness of the SENPAI living in Japan.\cb4 \
\

\b \cb3 4.	Procedures for going to Japan conveniently and fast\cb4 \

\b0 \cb3 	-	Professional Inhouse Team and a network of prestigious partners in the region and companies in Japan willing to help you complete the process to go to Japan with the commitment costs is minimum.\cb4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sb120\sa120\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 																										}