{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red22\green25\blue31;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red38\green38\blue38;\red249\green249\blue249;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;\cssrgb\c11373\c12941\c16078;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\csgray\c100000;
\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c98039\c98039\c98039;}
{\info
{\author Nii Moi Addo}}\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh13560\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Terms and Conditions ("Terms")
\fs28 \cb4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 \
\cb3 Please read these Terms and Conditions ("Terms", "Terms and Conditions") carefully before using the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://saigon.citynow.vn:9000/"}}{\fldrslt http://saigon.citynow.vn:9000/}} website and the \cf5 \cb6 Gaijinnavi\cf2 \cb3  mobile application (the "Service") operated by Citynow ("us", "we", or "our").\cb4  \
\
\cb3 Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.\
\cb4 \

\b \cb3 By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.
\b0 \
\cb4 \

\b \cb3 Content
\b0 	\
\cb4 \
\cb3 Our Service allows you to post, link, store, share and otherwise make available certain information, text, graphics, videos, or other material ("Content"). You are responsible for the Content you created, edited, shared, maked your websites or apps.\
\cb4 \

\b \cb3 Links To Other Web Sites\

\b0 \cb4 \
\cb3 Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by Citynow.\
\cb4 \
\cb3 Citynow has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that Citynow  shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.\
\cb4 \

\b \cb3 Changes\

\b0 \cb4 \
\cb3 We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 15 days' notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.\
\cb4 \

\b \cb3 Contact Us\

\b0 \cb4 \
\cb3 If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us via our email: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:corp@citynow.vn"}}{\fldrslt corp@citynow.vn}} or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:corp@citynow.jp"}}{\fldrslt corp@citynow.jp}}}